hi this is my everyone who says I just
want to come to operate to attention a
little cell I'll be having on where is
it from um juju hair 12-inch like boy
thanks Lee Christmas Eve day as you can
see um here's the two bubbles i bought
the ring wonderful three to a pack of a
talk a fought in the 16 today as i see
it yes why didn't i cut the thing that
was holding the whole thing together but
there is i watched it at the time one we
have this looked at it and I realized a
dome one the 12 inch so I'm going to be
selling for $90 and I've $105 yes i know
i'm losing about fifteen dollars of my
purchase but guessing in the day you
make some money on the path that'd be
great um well that's always good I'm
gonna be selling some ninety dollars if
you want to email me email me at um
money and the school edj and then Jack
on phone spell for you or you know what
I'm added to UM underneath in the
comment I'm section or on the bar in
that section so you guys wanna let me
know um yeah it has an ad and I'm just
touching I haven't washed it i'm in the
ending storage that's I guess flat and
that's how they stop their 12 inch but
it's it's a food one is run fungal it's
like it's four ounces it could be doing
a half or four ounces of hair um it's
brand new
Christmas Day rally um I just realized
that I really I really don't wanna like
yeah I didna strengthened its gonna be
half me to set up a turn and I've cut
the thing that was holding it together
the hair is intact um I I would cut the
West I live cut the hair I hadn't done
anything but i just opened to add the
package and I realized kind of love it
the reason why I'm not saying about you
did you hear it was the fact way I'm
getting it back to them from Australia
to America might mean Allah I feel like
selling at least making someone else I
can buy it the actual length I want
would be probably better so if anybody
monitor its 12 inch it's um a dark
natural hair it's going for $90 so he'll
aiming them all right take care guys
you